Adds description for the additional Shape digitizing tools (#6126)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/editing_geometry_attributes.rst

  to circle from 3 tangents, except that you have to select two tangents, enter
  a radius and select the desired center.

.. index:: Draw ellipses
.. _draw_ellipses:

Draw Ellipses
-------------

There is a set of tools for drawing ellipses. The tools are described
below.

> Ellipses cannot be converted as circular strings, so it will always be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ellipses cannot be converted as circular strings, sothey will always be
```

segmented.

* |ellipseCenter2Points| :sup:`Add Ellipse from center and two points`: Draws an
  ellipse with a given center, major axis and minor axis. (Left-click,
  left-click, right-click)
* |ellipseCenterPoint| :sup:`Add Ellipse from center and a point`: Draws an
  ellipse into a bounding box with the center and a corner. (Left-click,
  right-click)

> * |ellipseExtent| :sup:`Add Ellipse from extent`: An ellipse into a bounding
>   box with two opposite corners. (Left-click, right-click)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |ellipseExtent| :sup:`Add Ellipse from extent`: Draws an ellipse into a bounding
  box with two opposite corners. (Left-click, right-click)
```

* |ellipseFoci| :sup:`Add Ellipse from foci`: Draws an ellipse by 2 points for
  foci and a point on the ellipse. (Left-click, left-click, right-click)

.. index:: Draw rectangles
.. _draw_rectangles:

Draw Rectangles
...............

There is a set of tools for drawing rectangles. The tools are described
below.

* |rectangleCenter| :sup:`Rectangle from center and a point`: Draws a
  rectangle from the center and a corner. (Left-click, right-click)
* |rectangleExtent| :sup:`Rectangle from extent`: Draws a rectangle from two
  opposite corners. (Left-click, right-click)
* |rectangle3PointsDistance| :sup:`Rectangle from 3 points (distance)`: Draws an

>   oriented rectangle from three points. First and second points determine the
>   length and angle of the first edge. Third point determines the length of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  oriented rectangle from three points. The first and second points determine the
  length and angle of the first edge. The third point determines the length of the
```

  other edge. (Left-click, left-click, right-click)
* |rectangle3PointsProjected| :sup:`Rectangle from 3 points (projected)`: Same as

>   the precedent tool, but the lenght of the second edge is computed from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the preceding tool, but the length of the second edge is computed from the
```

  projection of the third point on the first edge. (Left-click, left-click,
  right-click)

   .. _figure_draw_rectangles_3_points:

   .. figure:: img/draw_rectangles_3_points.png
      :align: center

      Draw rectangle from 3 points using distance (right) and projected (left)

.. index:: Draw regular polygons
.. _draw_regular_polygons:

Draw Regular Polygons
.....................

There is a set of tools for drawing regular polygons. The tools are described

> below. Left-click to position the first point and a dialog appears on the top
> right corner of the map canvas, where you can set the number of edges of the
> polygon. Right-click to position the last point and finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
below. Left-click to place the first point.
A dialog appears, where you can set the number of polygon edges.
Right-click to finish  the regular polygon.
```

* |regularPolygon2Points| :sup:`Regular polygon from two points`: Draws a regular

>   polygon where the two points determine the size and angle of the first edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  polygon where the two points determine the length and angle of the first edge.
```

* |regularPolygonCenterPoint| :sup:`Regular polygon from center and a point`:

>   Draws a regular polygon from from the center. The second point determines the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Draws a regular polygon from from the provided center point. The second point determines the
```

  angle and distance to the middle of an edge.
* |regularPolygonCenterCorner| :sup:`Regular polygon from center and a corner`:

>   Same as the precedent tool, but the second point determines the angle and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Same as the preceding tool, but the second point determines the angle and
```
